[aws_elb_otel] [aws_vpcflow_otel] [aws_cloudtrail_otel] [docs] simplify content pack documentation, add otel configs (#15844)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws_elb_otel/docs/README.md

For the full documentation on how to set up the EDOT Cloud Forwarder, follow this link: [EDOT Cloud Forwarder for AWS](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/opentelemetry/edot-cloud-forwarder/aws).

## Alternative setup using [AWS S3 receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/awss3receiver)

> Alternative setup allows to bypass "Serverless only" limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alternative setup allows you to bypass the "Serverless only" limitation.
```

### Prerequisites

- An S3 bucket for storing the logs
- A load balancer configured to export access logs to the S3 bucket. Check the [official AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/enable-access-logging.html) on how to export access logs
- An SQS queue receiving notifications on object creation in the S3 bucket
- `awss3receiver` and `awslogsencodingextension`

### Config example

> For details on configuration refer to corresponding docs: [awss3receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/awss3receiver), [awslogsencodingextension](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/extension/encoding/awslogsencodingextension), [elasticsearchexporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on configuration refer to the following documentation: [awss3receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/awss3receiver), [awslogsencodingextension](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/extension/encoding/awslogsencodingextension), [elasticsearchexporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter)
```
